[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> New documentary.
>> People hate germs,
another word for microbes.
These discoveries have started
a scientific revolution.
But just as we are learning
how important they are,
our microbes are disappearing.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> We have lost maybe as
much as 50% of our internal
biodiversity, and
this has consequences.
I wrote "Missing Microbes"
to sound an alarm.
>> On a new episode
of "Crystals."
>> Working with stones can help
us shed old patterns and become
clearer, more
conscious and present,
and bring more
integrity to our being.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> When we access
the subconscious,
we see what has limited us
and we can find a way to have
the life of our dreams.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> As we become more
healthy, as we heal,
this shift in values
happens naturally.
Real healing, true
healing raises the level
of a person's consciousness.
>> Only on Gaia.